The next two topics to cover are sample rate and bit depth.

Sample Rate:
Sample rate is literally how fast samples are taken per second and are usually expressed in kHz, which is a unit meaning 1,000 times per second.
Audio CD's, for example, have a sample rate of 44.1kHz, meaning that the analog signal is sampled 44,100 times per second.
44.1kHz is used because the highest frequency that can be captured and stored is a bit less than half of the sampling frequency, or around 22kHz.
Also, the accepted standard for the human hearing range is from 20 Hertz to 20,000 Hertz (or 20kHz), though in practice, most of us don’t hear frequencies that high.

**But why 44.1kHz?**
Good question. According to what i have heard from family members who have worked in digital audio, 48 kHz was the "professional" standard.
And manufacturers wanted there to be a "consumer sample rate" of 44.1kHz to prevent direct digital copying.

**But if 44.1kHz captures more than we can hear, why would you use a higher sample rate like 48kHz?**
There are a couple of reasons that higher sampling rates can be advantageous; 
the first is that while 44.1kHz is the standard for audio CDs, 48kHz is the standard for audio for video.
Some studios might use even higher sample rates like 88.2kHz, 96kHz or even 192kHz
And just so you know, the difference between "standard" and "professional" sample rates is minimal at best. Usually when i have compared the two,
there was no real discernible difference from what i could hear, except on a few occasions.

Now lets move on to Bit Depth:
bit depth is the number of bits of information in each sample, and it directly corresponds to the resolution of each sample.
CD's use 16 bits per sample, and DVD/blu ray discs can support up to 24 bits per sample.
To put this as simply as possible:
The on/off status of each switch in a computer is represented as 1 or 0, a system known as binary. Thus, a string of binary digits —bits— is used to describe anything a computer does, including manipulating and displaying text, images, and audio.
Computers can manage entire strings of these bits at a time; a group of 8 bits is known as a byte; one or more bytes compose a digital word. Sixteen bits (two bytes) means that there are 16 digits in a word, each of them a 1 or 0; 24 bits (three bytes) means that there are 24 binary digits per word; and so on.

a higher bit depth enables the system to accurately record and reproduce more subtle fluctuations in the waveform, thus, the higher the bit depth, the more accurately a sound can be recreated.
